Ci relnotes 783xx doc 2520 (#529)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/continuous-integration.md

Additionally, the release notes below are only for NextGen SaaS. FirstGen SaaS release notes are available [here](/docs/first-gen/firstgen-release-notes/harness-saa-s-release-notes) and Self-Managed Enterprise Edition release notes are available [here](/release-notes/self-managed-enterprise-edition).
:::

> ## January 27, 2023, version 783xx

Reviewer: Remember to update the date here and in "date:" on line 4. The "date:" on line 4 must be updated with every new release date because it is used to update the RSS.

Additionally, the release notes below are only for NextGen SaaS. FirstGen SaaS release notes are available [here](/docs/first-gen/firstgen-release-notes/harness-saa-s-release-notes) and Self-Managed Enterprise Edition release notes are available [here](/release-notes/self-managed-enterprise-edition).
:::

## January 27, 2023, version 783xx

### What's new

* Linux ARM is now supported in Harness Cloud build infrastructures. (CI-5787)

> * The build UI now shows a detailed "Image version outdated" warning if the build is using unsupported Harness CI images. (CI-6721)

Reviewer 2: "The build UI" is not a clear term. 
maybe something like 
"A UI warning will appear during build execution time, in case a of usage of unsupported CI docker images version.

> * The build UI now shows a detailed "Image version outdated" warning if the build is using unsupported Harness CI images. (CI-6721)

Author: ```suggestion
* The Harness UI now shows a detailed warning when a CI build uses unsupported versions of any CI build images. (CI-6721)
```

> * Free customers can now use their Kubernetes delegates to run CI builds. Previously, free customers were limited to building in their Harness Cloud infrastructures. 

Reviewer 2: This is behind a FF and the option to see K8S in as infra in the free plan is enabled to customers as needed. I don't think it should be in the release notes

> * Free customers can now use their Kubernetes delegates to run CI builds. Previously, free customers were limited to building in their Harness Cloud infrastructures. 

Author: ```suggestion
```

>   Kubernetes delegates are behind a feature flag for free CI accounts. Contact Harness Support to enable this feature. (CI-6482) 

Reviewer 2: we enabled it if users complain, we don't want free users to use K8S infra at the moment

>   Kubernetes delegates are behind a feature flag for free CI accounts. Contact Harness Support to enable this feature. (CI-6482) 

Author: ```suggestion
```
